{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red246\green246\blue239;
\red246\green246\blue239;\red117\green113\blue92;\red29\green30\blue26;\red224\green213\blue97;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c97255\c97255\c94902;
\cssrgb\c97255\c97255\c94902;\cssrgb\c53333\c51765\c43529;\cssrgb\c15294\c15686\c13333;\cssrgb\c90196\c85882\c45490;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28300\viewh17140\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 a former worker used to work here doing post mortem care and the west hall has a nurse on duty 27-7 her picture is on the wall there and she is seen ALOT walking around the end of west hall she died 23 years ago.\
\
Idx = 200\
Output = [2025, 1, 1]\
Fix?: False\
\
\
Phi Kappa Tau House - In our 102 year history of the house, it has been a hospital, hotel, doctors office, and now a fraternity house. One of the brothers fell off the fire escape 20-30 years ago and died. Strange things happen such as faucets turning on, lights going on and off, and doors will open and close. In addition their dog will not go into ROOM 1. She will stand outside the door and watch something or someone go around the room. There has also been sightings of miners and other strange people in the house. The basement was a morgue, and every now and then when down there it will go from being warm to ice cold even though it 
\f1\b may
\f0\b0  be 70 degrees outside.\
\
Idx = 208\
Output = [2025, 
\f1\b 5
\f0\b0 , 1] [2025, 1, 1]\
Fix?: False\

\fs22 \
\
\cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 'Various apartments are haunted in this complex. Originally built as military housing back in the thirties and has a cemetery on site in the middle of the complexes grounds. When the military base closed in Green Cove Springs, the housing was sold to a private owner and over the years became slum until 1997. Then a new owner took over the apartment complex and began restoring the buildings back to their original glory. There have been many sightings of apparitions, shadows and electrical charges in the air. Tenants report voices, doors opening and closing, and footsteps up stairs and through out the apartments.'\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Idx = 9152
\f2 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Output = [2025, 1, 1]
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Fix?: True\

\f1\b Removed Stop Words In Text Using NLTK. Datefinder returned [1997, 1, 1]
\f0\b0 \
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 In the 1970's, one room, room 211, in the old section of the dorms exhibited several phenomena. Don't know if this still continues today. The door into the room from the hallway, as well as the door into the bathroom, would open and shut on their own, the main door even if it had been locked. After closing, it would be locked again. There was also a spot on one wall (a wall that the room shared with a boarded up, no longer used laundry shaft) where two points of light would appear, shaped similar to eyes. Attempts were made to explain their appearance (they were visible any time it was dark in the room). They were screened off from the windows to see if they might be reflections, they weren't. When objects were placed between them and the windows they actually became brighter. We tried painting the walls, putting several coats of paint over them (thinking they 
\f1\b may
\f0\b0  have been a joke of a previous resident, made with glow in the dark paint) - also having used sandpaper on the wall in that spot first before painting. They still appeared bright as ever after the painting. We tried covering them over by hanging a picture over them, but the picture kept falling down or moving. Last attempt to hang picture (it was a drawing on a piece of paper and simply taped to the wall) resulted in us waking up the next morning to find it taped to the ceiling over my bed. We finally moved a tall dresser in front of it and that seemed to take care of it. Reports from later residents told us that they had placed a mirror over it, and they had a rocker in the room. One night during a party, with several witnesses, the rocker began rocking on its own, then flew back and smashed the mirror. Have had no contact with the school since graduation, so don't know if these things still happen or not.\
\
idx: 3\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Output = [2025, 
\f3\b 5
\f2\b0 , 1] (w/o stopwords) | [1970, 1, 1], [2025, 5, 1] w/ stopwords
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Fix?: False\

\f1\b When stop words are removed, 1970s is not recognized by datefinder. When using stop words output\
\
\

\fs36 Outputs: 
\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf6 \cb7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 ../data/processed/haunted_places_cleaned.tab\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec4 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
Extraction Took: 9.535893 seconds\
\
Datefinder: 5817 dates extracted\
Two_Digit: 94 dates extracted\
Four_Digit: 0 dates extracted\
Total: 5911 dates extracted\
multi-date entries: 421\
\
Old Dataframe Shape: (10992, 14) -> New DataFrame Shape: (12871, 14)\
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \cb7 \strokec8 "../data/raw/haunted_places.tab"\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Extraction Completed \cf2 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
Extraction Took: 16.717924 seconds\
\
Datefinder: 5136 dates extracted\
Two_Digit: 574 dates extracted\
Four_Digit: 470 dates extracted\
Total: 6180 dates extracted\
multi-date entries: 455\
\
Old Dataframe Shape: (10992, 14) -> New DataFrame Shape: (13021, 14)\
----\cf4 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------}