{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28300\viewh17700\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
old cemetary /church on hill - It said the girl was buried in the field somewhere.It said you can see the woman in a white dress.One weekend me and about 15 friends drove out to the cemetary/field.It had an eerie feeling but we didnt see anything.\
1177 - goal : 16\
\
Haunted by evil souls who were buried on unblessed ground. Records of devil worshiping and cannibalism take place under the fog, on the cemetery grounds at dusk. -  November 2005 update: Additional stories are a legend of an Indian who appears only as two red eyes peering out at you from the woods surrounding the cemetery. A local resident reports of a bat who flew in her driver's side window and out the passenger side window while driving the cemetery road as she passed the cemetery. Another report from a substitute teacher and a friend of hers who captured actual photographs of the paranormal from this site and was instructed by a physic to burn these photographs. The ghosts apparently do not wish to be photographed. The dates on the markers date hundreds of years back. There are two cemeteries in Weatherly, but this is the oldest, located on a dark, heavily wooded and curvy back road between the RD#2 road and Buck Mtn.\
1186 - goal: 2 + 1?\
\
Students at the school claim to see shadowy figures and doors slamming on their own. There were also reports of seeing orbs and other strange lights. Also earlier this year a student found ectoplasm on a gym locker. Their have been other stories about the school that date back to after the civil war. There have also been lots of horrible acts there from the students and teachers.\
1238 - goal: 1 \
\
In 1969,a young couple in their senior year of high school was brutally tortured and killed to death in the football field bleachers.Ghost sightings have been seen during football games.Two girls by the names of Elizabeth and Evelyn had once felt their legs being pulled while sitting in the bleachers. Once they looked down into the bleachers,they saw two faded shadows simply disappear at a glance.Numerous incidents have been reported all of which cannot be explained.\
1413 - goal: 2 \
\
One of the bathrooms is supposed to be haunted by a ghost of a former student. One Halloween night some kids watched the door open by itself. It is now used as a Teen Center.\
1427 - Goal: 0?\
\
Stories say an old man was fishing and his boat drowned. If you go to the nip on some nights and down that street, you will see the man fishing in his boat.\
1428 - Goal: 0 \
\
In the 1970's, one room, room 211, in the old section of the dorms exhibited several phenomena. Don't know if this still continues today. The door into the room from the hallway, as well as the door into the bathroom, would open and shut on their own, the main door even if it had been locked. After closing, it would be locked again. There was also a spot on one wall (a wall that the room shared with a boarded up, no longer used laundry shaft) where two points of light would appear, shaped similar to eyes. Attempts were made to explain their appearance (they were visible any time it was dark in the room). They were screened off from the windows to see if they might be reflections, they weren't. When objects were placed between them and the windows they actually became brighter. We tried painting the walls, putting several coats of paint over them (thinking they may have been a joke of a previous resident, made with glow in the dark paint) - also having used sandpaper on the wall in that spot first before painting. They still appeared bright as ever after the painting. We tried covering them over by hanging a picture over them, but the picture kept falling down or moving. Last attempt to hang picture (it was a drawing on a piece of paper and simply taped to the wall) resulted in us waking up the next morning to find it taped to the ceiling over my bed. We finally moved a tall dresser in front of it and that seemed to take care of it. Reports from later residents told us that they had placed a mirror over it, and they had a rocker in the room. One night during a party, with several witnesses, the rocker began rocking on its own, then flew back and smashed the mirror. Have had no contact with the school since graduation, so don't know if these things still happen or not.\
\
idx: 3}